#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --pre
#
--index-url https://nexus.text2phenotype.com/repository/pypi-proxy/simple
--extra-index-url https://nexus.text2phenotype.com/repository/pypi-lifesciences/simple

attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pytest
awscli==1.19.110
    # via text2phenotype
azure-cognitiveservices-vision-computervision==0.5.0
    # via text2phenotype
azure-common==1.1.27
    # via
    #   azure-cognitiveservices-vision-computervision
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   text2phenotype
azure-storage-blob==2.1.0
    # via text2phenotype
azure-storage-common==2.1.0
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   text2phenotype
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   webtest
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   text2phenotype
boto3==1.17.110
    # via
    #   credstash
    #   text2phenotype
    #   moto
    #   warrant
botocore==1.20.110
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   text2phenotype
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   text2phenotype
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   text2phenotype
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pynacl
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pdfminer.six
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
    #   text2phenotype
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   text2phenotype
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   text2phenotype
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via text2phenotype
connexion[swagger-ui]==2.8.0
    # via text2phenotype
credstash==1.17.1
    # via text2phenotype
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   credstash
    #   text2phenotype
    #   moto
    #   paramiko
    #   pdfminer.six
django==2.2.17
    # via text2phenotype
djangorestframework==3.9.4
    # via text2phenotype
docutils==0.15.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   text2phenotype
ecdsa==0.17.0
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   python-jose-cryptodome
elastic-apm[flask]==6.3.2
    # via text2phenotype
envs==1.3
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   warrant
fakeredis[lua]==1.5.2
    # via text2phenotype
fhirclient==1.0.6
    # via text2phenotype
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   text2phenotype
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   python-jose-cryptodome
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via text2phenotype
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   gitpython
    #   text2phenotype
gitpython==3.1.18
    # via text2phenotype
google-api-core[grpc]==1.31.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   text2phenotype
google-auth==1.32.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   text2phenotype
google-cloud-vision==1.0.0
    # via text2phenotype
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   text2phenotype
grpcio==1.38.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   text2phenotype
humanfriendly==9.2
    # via
    #   coloredlogs
    #   text2phenotype
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   requests
ijson==3.1.4
    # via text2phenotype
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   text2phenotype
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pytest
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   fhirclient
    #   text2phenotype
    #   msrest
    #   openapi-schema-validator
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   text2phenotype
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   text2phenotype
    #   moto
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   text2phenotype
json2html==1.3.0
    # via text2phenotype
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   text2phenotype
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
lupa==1.9
    # via
    #   fakeredis
    #   text2phenotype
lxml==4.6.3
    # via text2phenotype
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   text2phenotype
    #   moto
text2phenotype==14.1.22
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==8.8.0
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   moto
moto==2.0.11
    # via text2phenotype
msrest==0.6.21
    # via
    #   azure-cognitiveservices-vision-computervision
    #   text2phenotype
nltk==3.4.5
    # via text2phenotype
numpy==1.18.5
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   requests-oauthlib
openapi-schema-validator==0.1.5
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.3.1
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   text2phenotype
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pytest
pandas==1.1.5
    # via text2phenotype
paramiko==2.7.2
    # via text2phenotype
pdfminer.six==20201018
    # via text2phenotype
pika==1.2.0
    # via text2phenotype
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pytest
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   text2phenotype
psutil==5.8.0
    # via text2phenotype
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   text2phenotype
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   text2phenotype
pycryptodome==3.3.1
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   python-jose-cryptodome
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via text2phenotype
pynacl==1.4.0
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   paramiko
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   text2phenotype
    #   packaging
pypdf2==1.26.0
    # via medal
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via medal
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   medal
pytest==6.2.4
    # via medal
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   botocore
    #   medal
    #   moto
    #   pandas
python-jose-cryptodome==1.3.2
    # via
    #   medal
    #   warrant
python-magic==0.4.24
    # via medal
python-redis-lock==3.6.0
    # via medal
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   google-api-core
    #   medal
    #   moto
    #   pandas
    #   pyrfc3339
pyyaml==5.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
    #   medal
    #   openapi-spec-validator
recordclass==0.14.3
    # via medal
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   fakeredis
    #   medal
    #   python-redis-lock
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   connexion
    #   fhirclient
    #   google-api-core
    #   medal
    #   moto
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   warrant
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   medal
    #   msrest
responses==0.13.3
    # via
    #   medal
    #   moto
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   google-auth
    #   medal
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   medal
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via medal
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   ecdsa
    #   fakeredis
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   medal
    #   moto
    #   nltk
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   protobuf
    #   pynacl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-jose-cryptodome
    #   responses
    #   webtest
slack-sdk==3.7.0
    # via medal
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   gitdb
    #   medal
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   fakeredis
    #   medal
    #   pdfminer.six
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   medal
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   medal
swagger-ui-bundle==0.0.8
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   medal
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   medal
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   medal
    #   pydantic
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-apm
    #   medal
    #   requests
    #   responses
waitress==2.0.0
    # via
    #   medal
    #   webtest
warrant==0.6.1
    # via medal
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   medal
    #   webtest
webtest==2.0.35
    # via medal
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   medal
    #   moto
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   medal
    #   moto

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
